[LS-54353] otel-native kube comprehensive dashboard (#142)
lightstep/terraform-opentelemetry-dashboards: collector-dashboards/otel-collector-kubernetes-comprehensive-dashboard-prometheus/README.md

# Terraform Resource for Lightstep Kubernetes Comprehensive OpenTelemetry Dashboard (Prometheus)

> This is a Terraform resource for a dashboard that monitors a Kubernetes cluster running an OpenTelemetry Collector scraping kube-state-metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a Terraform resource for a dashboard that monitors a Kubernetes cluster running an OpenTelemetry Collector that scrapes [kube-state-metrics](https://github.com/kubernetes/kube-state-metrics) with a [prometheus receiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/receiver/prometheusreceiver).
```

> This dashboard uses metrics with Prometheus semantic convention naming.

Reviewer: Regarding
> outputted by the OpenTelemetry collectors set up with the `otel-cloud-stack` collector config
I don't think this is quite right. The prometheus flavor of this dashboard is for when customers aren't using otel-cloud-stack and instead are scraping kubernetes metrics via a prometheus receiver. (It might be a good idea to check with someone like Clay or Jacob to see if I spelled that out correctly.)

Author: yup youre right good call
